pyTron
======================= 

The portable version of PyThor that can be also downloaded at www.pythor.us 

The way it works is to run the initial PHP file, you may rename this initial file any name you'd like (underscores are recommended to be used spaces)
the subsequent files will be created with the same name as this PHP file.

Then the program will automatically create the following four files:

pytron_nice_page_name.py

pytron_nice_page_name_compiled.py

simple_preprocessor.py

simple_preprocessor_pyThor_features_txt.py

Now edit your pyTron program, this is the pytron_nice_page_name.py file.

Please note, only the pytron_nice_page_name.php is necessary to run pyTron to initially generate your webpage (the .py file) the first time you download it.  The four files previously listed (the 4 .py files) are just to show what will be generated by running the PHP program and should be DELETED (if you downloaded these example files) before the pytron_nice_page_name.php program is run for the FIRST time only, after that, edit,delete as usual.
Also note, that PyTron will initially create arbitrary optional folders of COMPILED , PREPROCESSOR  pycss , pyinclude, and pyjs_rs for a structure to your web page project.  These of course can be configured in the .php file to your project requirements.

To create an any additional pyTron web page, simple make a copy of pytron_nice_page_name.php and rename it to the page you would like, presuming you have configured it to your project situation.  That will generate your new web page by the same name .py that you can edit any way.

Note that I have made the source code that are the internal features of pyThor (available within the portable version of pyTron) distinct from the source code of your web page, though these features are available to your web page  (these features are also available for review in the simple_preprocessor_pyThor_features_txt.py file)

Usage:  Your web server will serve the PHP file, page requests are to be made to the PHP file.  But it will serve your pyTron program (written in Python with quick tags, see PyThor for details at this time).

After making changes to your source code, pytron_nice_page_name_compiled.py must be deleted, then running the .php file will re-create the file.
Later versions of pyTron will automatically determine whether the source has been modified and will compile it automatically for you.

2015.03.06
Among several features added, this new innovative feature is direct format variables that replace a variable for text without the required use of a .format method.
Though note that any global variables and local variables and within the python quick tags <% %> (that are raw literal triple double quoted strings) and using format 
variable syntax of {**{local_or_global_variable_name}**} that you should consider whenever text can be replaced with this new feature.  You may also use the .format method in addition to this feature as before.


2015.03.02
Many features have been added including web server environment variables of pySERVER, pyGET, pyPOST, and pyFILES (including convenient variables variable within the four pyOJBECTS) sent from the .PHP file to PyTron (pyThor).
Added the url get features of pytron_nice_page_name.php?pythorinfo (or ?pytroninfo if you prefer) , pytron_nice_page_name.php?fullsource , and pytron_nice_page_name.php?features though note this is by using the pytron_nice_page_name.php file to display variables from your pytron_nice_page_name.py website source code file by the same name as the php page.

2015.02.18
Added a feature to display source code from a file.  Also refactored source code to remove a dependency on a preprocessor that was in a test phase to ensure reliability and that the feature affected by the code removal has similar features that also exist automatically with using python quick tags <% %> and can simply code the raw string literal, r""" """ as needed to your liking. 
The example page output by the .php file now displays how to display source code with pre tags with the exact same newlines as in the source code .py file, and an example of html automatically wrapping text (as it usually does) with pre tags and css style to wrap a block of text (without the use of several <br> (br) html tags), neat.  

2015.02.18
Added several features including a .htmlentities method for many purposes to display text, e.g., it now supports the display of source code as text for python quick tag strings <% %> as improved wysiwyg (what you see is what you get) text strings. 

2015.02.13
Several significant features added, dynamic directories, etc.


Enjoy.

